Add support for Jupyterlab 3 (#1222)
bqplot/bqplot: README.md

$ conda install -c conda-forge bqplot
```

> To enable bqplot with Jupyter lab (only needed for version < 3):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable bqplot for JupyterLab version 1 or 2 (not needed for JupyterLab 3.0):
```
